Not bad!
ULTIMATE MECHAMARU
MODE: ABSOLUTE ARMORED PUPPET
My key to win is Satoru Gojo.
No matter how,
I have to contact Satoru Gojo,
tell him about the Shibuya plan,
then ask him to protect me.
But when I focus on the curtain
and Geto who pulled it down,
Mahito will be a big threat.
I need to exorcise him first.
Charge for a year.
Burn it all, Mechamaru!
Ultra Cannon!
Is he planning to keep burning
until my cursed energy is exhausted?
Then I will
drag you out of there first.
With Mechamaru's attacks,
I can't possibly hurt Mahito's soul.
He must have also confirmed this
through the previous attack.
Charge for two years.
Miracle Cannon!
You never stop attacking.
You don't care about my attacks.
And now, I will use this thing.
So powerful.
If we keep dragging on,
the armor will be destroyed by him.
Technique loading.
I have only four chances.
I must
finish him in one go.
Launch!
Mechamaru!
I told you this is meaningless.
What have you been watching till now?
Huh?
What is this?
Even my soul was destroyed.
Another bird? Too cliche.
The left arm that I blew off
actually regenerated.
No, he just reshaped the soul, making it
look like the arm regenerated.
He deliberately showed me,
which is the best proof.
This proves
my strategy is effective.
It's working.
He is quite good.
It might be temporary,
but he can release cursed energy
equivalent to a Special Grade.
This means he has studied
how to deal with Mahito.
Depending on the situation,
perhaps at this moment here...
Charge for five years.
Pigeon Viola!
I must figure out first
which attacks harm my soul.
There's a chance.
Technique loading.
I can win.
I want
to see everyone.
Domain Expansion.
Self-Embodiment of Perfection.
Okay, it's over.
Idle Transfiguration.
Even if I can't touch you directly,
once you enter the domain,
it's no different.
You get it, don't you?
This thing
sealed in that cursed technique.
This is the only way
I can succeed in casting the curse.
There are about ten days until Halloween.
Did you think I wouldn't use my domain
to save up my cursed energy?
I will be just fine in ten days.
I still have two left in my hand.
That was in the Heian era,
the peak of cursed technique.
In order to protect one's disciples
from evil curse users or cursed spirits,
Sadatsuna Ashiya came up with this method.
Don't bet your dreams
and hopes on a plan.
You're so pitiful that I don't even
know what expression I should have.
It passed down through generations.
Spreading the technique was prohibited
with a Binding Vow.
It was a technique
to protect oneself from a domain...
The domain of the weak.
New Shadow Style,
Simple Domain.
I have
seen it all.
Simple Domain.
A domain can neutralize
all cursed techniques.
Inside a domain,
even that Satoru Gojo
will be hit by an attack.
Although it's simple,
if the domain is launched
from the inside,
Regardless of the cursed technique used,
it can hurt Mahito.
You can't just stand by and watch anymore.
Geto.
What a nice surprise.
I still have one Simple Domain
and nine years' worth of cursed energy
to fight against Geto.
I can win.
I can
see them.
Did I fail to kill him?
Come on!
Mechamaru!
I still have the last domain.
I will stab it directly.
Go, Mechamaru!
Hey, Mechamaru.
Can I visit you some day?
At the goodwill event...
after the baseball game,
I feel like I've gotten
a lot closer to everyone.
Perhaps it's the occupational habit
of Jujutsu sorcerers.
We were on good terms with each other
before, but we still kept our distance.
After all, if you get too close,
you'd get very sad when they are gone.
But
I really like our current relationship.
You couldn't participate
in the baseball game, right?
It was a pitching machine
that did your job that day.
I want to get closer to you.
So
one day, I will visit you.
It was kind of close, wasn't it?
Just when his technique activated,
I let my body burst.
Then I lifted the domain,
and he thought I was dead.
Everything went as planned,
so it was not close at all.
Is that also a Simple Domain?
We really saw a good thing
before the start of the real thing.
Yes, the adjustment of
the commissioned curtain is also complete.
I can confer my cursed energy and
words to others with no problem.
October 31, 2018, 7:00 p.m.
Around Tokyu Department Store
Toyoko Store,
a curtain with a radius of
about 400 meters was dropped.
Drink...
Hurry up.
Idiot, stop it.
I heard that many people came from
Ibaraki or Tochigi to celebrate Halloween.
Seriously?
Excuse me.
Can I take a photo?
You are really cute.
Thank you.
So happy.
They are bold.
Let's not come to Shibuya next year.
What's that?
What?
That thing.
Huh?
What?
That thing up there.
Are you blind?
What are you doing?
Idiot.
You're drunk already?
Isn't that a bit too fast?
No, there's really a wall here.
20:14 SHIBUYA, TOKYO
SHIBUYA STATION
This is a curtain
that only traps ordinary people.
Ordinary people
can only enter and not exit.
Windows, however,
that depends on the person.
As for the sorcerers,
including the assistant supervisors,
everyone can come and go freely.
And reception?
It has been blocked.
You must either exit the curtain
or ask assistant supervisors
to run errands to contact others.
Things seem to have become
quite troublesome.
Fushiguro...
Curtains...
The conditions that can be used
to affect the effectiveness are
usually only things
related to cursed energy.
In simple words, humans,
cursed spirits, and cursed objects.
So things like jamming are
just side effects of the curtain.
The technique itself can neither
block or allow reception.
Yes, I know.
Ino, he's very good.
You don't have to put on
a senior's stance.
What do you mean by that, Mr. Nanami?
Where's Mr. Gojo?
SHIBUYA MARK CITY
No one at all?
At the intersection
in front of the station?
This is Shibuya on Halloween.
Something seems to have happened there.
Everyone is fleeing to
the edge of the curtain.
And they are all shouting
"Bring Satoru Gojo here."
Non-sorcerers couldn't possibly know him.
Someone must have told them to say it.
Can't we break the curtain?
We're having trouble right now.
After all, both sides of the curtain
don't deny the access of sorcerers.
So we can't break through by force.
It would be quicker to find the curse user
who dropped the curtain
and deal with him directly.
So, you want us to help with that?
No, please wait here for now.
Not only using a high-level barrier
technique, they even named Satoru Gojo.
These are the same people
who attacked at the goodwill event.
The higher-ups decided
to minimize the damage
and send Satoru Gojo to quell
the turmoil in Shibuya alone.
We and Nanami,
the old man of the Zenin family,
and Mei Mei all have to
wait outside the curtain,
and are responsible for dealing
with those escaped from Satoru Gojo.
After all, once you're in the curtain,
you can't contact anyone.
"Minimizing the damage"
applies only to sorcerers, right?
So it doesn't matter
if ordinary people get hurt?
Calm down.
This is different from the Night Line of
a Hundred Demons last year.
It's already happened.
I also think this approach
is the most prudent.
Besides, I just went to the inside of
the curtain, it's quite peaceful there.
Although those people are panicking,
there are no cursed spirits
or curse users on a killing spree.
Those people are just trapped for now.
But honestly,
I don't want to go back in there.
Why?
I think it's a place called Hikarie.
That place underground, there are probably
swarms of Special Grade cursed spirits.
What's the situation now?
Why can't we go over there?
Hurry up and bring Satoru Gojo here.
Who is Gojo?
Who knows.
But someone said that if that guy
doesn't come, we can't get out.
Who said that?
I don't know, everyone is saying that.
What's up with men who can't
keep calm at a time like this?
Okay, although it's scary
not being able to get out,
we're not that distressed, right?
Someone should
come to save us soon.
But my phone has no signal.
Didn't you guys see that?
The crowd at the intersection
were all sucked in.
They were all sucked into the station.
Just like the water in a bathtub
when the plug is pulled out.
Otherwise, we would have
taken the train home by now.
You should know this without thinking,
you bunch of uneducated people.
Then use your education
to get us through there.
Ouch.
Sorry.
20:31 SATORU GOJO ARRIVES
I asked you to buy a melon bread,
but you bought
a chocolate chip melon bread.
The one with chocolate chips is better.
Totally different things,
like Kanpura and Gunpla.
-What's Kanpura?
-Huh?
Next episode, Shibuya Incident.
Fushiguro, you should know.
I've built an Acguy.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org